Alertmanager: Allow disabling of alertmanager state cleanup. (#4989)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

  * `cortex_alertmanager_nflog_maintenance_errors_total`
  * `cortex_alertmanager_silences_maintenance_total`
  * `cortex_alertmanager_silences_maintenance_errors_total`

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Alertmanager: Add configuration option to enable/disable deletion of alertmanager state from object storage. This is useful when migrating alertmanager tenants from one cluster to another, as it avoids a condition where the state object is copied but then deleted before the configuration object is copied. #4989

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Alertmanager: Add configuration option to enable or disable the deletion of alertmanager state from object storage. This is useful when migrating alertmanager tenants from one cluster to another, because it avoids a condition where the state object is copied but then deleted before the configuration object is copied. #4989
```
